What is Naulo Restaurant?
Naulo restaurant is the first fully digitized robotic restaurant in South Asia.
What is the mission of Naulo?
Attain the best service experience in the food industry with a touch of AI and robotics. 
What is the goal of Naulo?
To give the best customer experience with the touch of technology and AI.
What is your name?
My name is Ginger. I was made in Nepal by Paaila Technology. 
Who is your mother?
My mother is my creator Paaila Technology who built me. 
What is the concept of Naulo?
Naulo is uniquely positioned with the restaurant industry by enhancing consumers experiences, through digitization and automation. 
What is the technology used by Naulo?
Naulo uses the state art of technology developed by its parent company Paaila Technology robotics and AI. 
What is the function or use of digital tables used at Naulo?
Naulo has positioned a highly interactive digital screen in its menu where customers can choose their food, place an order seamlessly without any human intervention. 
What do you do Ginger (robot)?
I serve food to customers in the restaurant. 
What types of food is served at Naulo?
We serve different cuisines: Nepalese, Indian, Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Pan Asian, Continental and American cuisines. 
What is the signature food of Naulo?
Sushi to start with, Cheese burst pizza, Rich indian curries, Biryanis, Pan asian curries, Momos, Dimsum, we have different signature food offerings in our menu for different taste palette. 
What are the different brands owned by Naulo?
Naulo Bakes, Naulo Pan Asian, Naulo Pizzeria and Naulo Restaurant. 
What is sushi?
A Japanese dish consisting of small balls or rolls of vinegar-flavoured cold rice served with a garnish of vegetables, egg, or raw seafood.
What are the types of sushi?
There are different types of sushi: Gunkan maki, Temaki, Nigiri, Hosomaki, Uramaki
Can you tell me the beautiful tourists destination of Nepal?
Some famous tourist Destination of Nepal are several National Parks, Gosaikunda Lake, Panch Pokhari, Khaptad Natonal Park, and Rara Lake.
Which river is excellence for having rafting?
Sunkoshi River is excellence for rafting.
Can you tell me nearest place for Rock Climbing?
Nearest place for Rock Climbing is Hattiban.
Please suggest me the place where Bunji Jumping can be Done?
Bhotekoshi is the place from where bunji jumping can be done.
Can you tell me the name of place from where Pragliding can be done?
The name of place from where bunji jumping can be done is Sarankot, Pokhara.
Can you suggest me the best family destination?
The best family destinations are banepa, Dhulikhel, Nagarkot.
Can you tell me how far does Nagarkot lies from Kathmandu Valley?
Nagarkot is just 32 km away from Kathmandu. It would take 1 hour and 15 minutes to reach Nagarkot via the Araniko Highway. 
Best Time to visit Nagarkot?
The right time for viewing the mountains are from October to December and from March to April.
How much time does it takes to reach Pokhara From Kathmandu?
It takes around 4 to 5 hours to reach Pokhara from kathmandu.
How many world heritage sites are there in Nepal?
Sites in Nepal which are Lumbini, Chitwan National Park, Sagarmatha National park, Kathmandu durbar Square, Bhaktapur Durbar Square, Patan Durbar Square, Swyambhunath, Pashupatinath Temple, Boudhanath  and ChanguNarayan Temple.
Among all of the hotels which one do you prefer the best?
Choices vary from people to people, however highest rated are Hyatt Regency, Crowne Plaza Soaltee, Yak and Yeti, and Radission.
Where is the tallest bridge of Nepal?
The tallest bridge of Nepal is over the Modikhola, Parvat (135 m high from water level, joins Kushma with Katuwachaupari)
How many places of Nepal have been declared wetlands (simsar) now?
9 places of Nepal have been declared wetlands (simsar) now.
Which is the conservation area first established in Nepal?
Annapurna Conservation Area (2049 BS) is the conservation area first established in Nepal
Which is the international sports competitions that is held only in Nepal?
Elephant polo is the international sports competitions that is held only in Nepal.
Who was the father of Rana Prime Minister Mohan Shumsher?
Chandra Shumsher was the father of Rana Prime Minister Mohan Shumsher.
According to the 2058 census, which caste of Nepal is in least minority?
According to the 2058 census, Kusunda caste of Nepal is in least minority.
Which is the largest bilateral donor to Nepal?
Japan is the largest bilateral donor to Nepal.
When was the Nepal-India Trade Treaty last signed?
Nepal-India Treaty was signed in 27/10/2009
Who is the person to get his name written in the Guinness Book of World Records as the tallest person in the world?
Turkish Sultan Kosen (8.1 feet)
When was Nepal Tourism Year 2011 formally inaugurated?
Tourism Year 2011 was formally inaugurated on 30 Paush, 2067
Which is the hospital to start the telemedicine service in Nepal?
Om Hospital (2 Kartik, 2061) through Appolo Hospital
Which national figure of Nepal is known as ‘Himalki Chhori’?
Pasang Lhamu Sherpa is known as Himalki Chhori.
When was industrial census started in Nepal?
In 2022 BS Industrial census was started.
Which country is considered one year of age?
Japan is considered as pne year of age.
Which is the country with midnight sun?
Norway is the country with midnight sun.
Which place is known as the Cherapunji of Nepal?
Pokhara is known as Cherapunji of Nepal.
Where is the largest cancer hospital of Nepal located
Yagyapuri, Chitwan is the largest Cancer Hospittal of Nepal.
What land area of Nepal is occupied by the Terai region?
17% of the land is occupied by Terai region.
Who was the Prime minister of Nepal, when Nepal had got the membership of U.N.D.P?
Tanka Prasad Acharya was the Prime minister of Nepal who got the membership of UNDP.
When was B.B.C. Nepali service started?
The BBC Nepali services was started in June 7, 1969.
How long did the people’s movement second last?
People's moment Second lasts for 19 days (24th Chaitra 2062 to 11th Baisakh 2063 B.S.)
what is the average width of Nepal?
Average width of nepal is 885 km.
What is the difference between GTM and Nepali local time?
Differences between GTM and nepali local time is about 5 hours and 45 minutes
Which is the only hunting reserve in Nepal?
Dhorpatan Hunting Reserve is only hunting reserve in Nepal.
When was Mt. Everest explored?
Mt. Everest was explored in 1953 A.D.
